README.md, before:

# Is Pennsylvania Avenue Closed?

*Crowd sources whether pedestrians can walk down Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House*

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed)

* [Live site](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/)
* [API](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/api)

## Running locally

1. Install [Redis](http://redis.io/)
2. `script/bootstrap`
3. `script/server`

## Running tests

`script/cibuild`

# About this website...

## Who is this website for?  

Anyone who is planning to walk or bike across Pennyslvania Avenue in front of the White House in the next few minutes.  

## What does this website do?  

Tells you if Pennsylvania Avenue is closed to pedestrians and bicycle traffic in front of the White House.  

## How do I use the website?  

Just load [www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/) and you can see a recent update on whether Pennyslvania Avenue is open or closed.  There will be an indication of how recent the update is.  

## Who updates this site?  

You!  

Anyone who is near the White House and sees that the site needs updating can do so in a few seconds.

## The site needs updating.  How can I do that?  

There's a link at the bottom of the page to quickly change the status.  It only takes a moment.  

## If I am already at Pennyslvania Avenue, why should I update the website's status?  

Karma!  Your updating the website helps keep it fresh and useful for other people.   The more of us that ensure that this site stays accurate and up to date, the more useful the resource will be for all of us.  

## Why does the website ask to see my location?  

The simplest way to ensure quality status updates is to geo-locate anyone trying to update the website and make sure that they are within about 3 blocks of the White House.   You'll only need to do this once.  

## Do I need to create an account to update the site's status?  

No.  The site doesn't require any account creation.  

## Can I check this on Twitter?  

Yes!  Updates are posted to [twitter.com/penn_ave_status](https://twitter.com/penn_ave_status).

## Is there an API?  

[Why yes, thank you for asking](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/api).  

## I have some feedback.  How do you want it?  

Great.  Please [file an issue](https://github.com/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed/issues).

Commit message:

adding url, changing to site

README.md, after:

# Is Pennsylvania Avenue Closed?

*Crowd sources whether pedestrians can walk down Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House*

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed)

* [Live site](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/)
* [API](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/api)

## Running locally

1. Install [Redis](http://redis.io/)
2. `script/bootstrap`
3. `script/server`

## Running tests

`script/cibuild`

# About [ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/)

## Who is this site for?  

Anyone who is planning to walk or bike across Pennyslvania Avenue in front of the White House in the next few minutes.  

## What does this site do?  

Tells you if Pennsylvania Avenue is closed to pedestrians and bicycle traffic in front of the White House.  

## How do I use the site?  

Just load [www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/) and you can see a recent update on whether Pennyslvania Avenue is open or closed.  There will be an indication of how recent the update is.  

## Who updates this site?  

You!  

Anyone who is near the White House and sees that the site needs updating can do so in a few seconds.

## The site needs updating.  How can I do that?  

There's a link at the bottom of the page to quickly change the status.  It only takes a moment.  

## If I am already at Pennyslvania Avenue, why should I update the site's status?  

Karma!  Your updating the website helps keep it fresh and useful for other people.   The more of us that ensure that this site stays accurate and up to date, the more useful the resource will be for all of us.  

## Why does the site ask to see my location?  

The simplest way to ensure quality status updates is to geo-locate anyone trying to update the website and make sure that they are within about 3 blocks of the White House.   You'll only need to do this once.  

## Do I need to create an account to update the site's status?  

No.  The site doesn't require any account creation.  

## Can I check this on Twitter?  

Yes!  Updates are posted to [twitter.com/penn_ave_status](https://twitter.com/penn_ave_status).

## Is there an API?  

[Why yes, thank you for asking](http://www.ispennsylvaniaavenueclosed.com/api).  

## I have some feedback.  How do you want it?  

Great.  Please [file an issue here](https://github.com/benbalter/is-pennsylvania-avenue-closed/issues).
